attopu/README.md, before:

# ATTOPU - a 4 inst cpu from StackOverflow

Original post and src:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51592244/implementation-of-simple-microprocessor-using-verilog/51621153#51621153

ISA:

```
[15 OPCODE 14] | [13 SPECIFIC 0] -- Opcode is always in the top two bits, the rest of the instruction depends on the type it is

ADD: add rd, rs1, rs2 -- rd = rs1 + rs2; z = (rd == 0)
  [15 2'b00 14] | [13 rd 12] | [11 rs1 10] | [9 rs2 8] | [7 RESERVED 0]

LD: ld rd, ra -- rd = MEM[ra]
  [15 2'b01 14] | [13 rd 12] | [11 ra 10] | [9 RESERVED 1] | [0 1'b1 0]

    ld rd, $addr -- rd = MEM[$addr]
  [15 2'b01 14] | [13 rd 12] | [11 $addr 1] | [0 1'b0 0]

ST: st rs, ra -- MEM[ra] = rs
  [15 2'b10 14] | [13 RESERVED 12] | [11 ra 10] | [9 rs 8] | [7 RESERVED 1] | [0 1'b1 0]

    st rs, $addr -- MEM[$addr] = rs
  [15 2'b10 14] | [13 rs 12] | [11 $addr 1] | [0 1'b0 0]

BRZ: brz ra -- if (z): pc = ra
  [15 2'b11 14] | [13 RESERVED 12] | [11 ra 10] | [9 RESERVED 1] | [0 1'b1 0]

     brz $addr -- if (z): pc = pc + $addr
  [15 2'b11 14] | [13 RESERVED 12] | [11 $addr 1] | [0 1'b0 0]
```

Commit message:

attopu: decoder: last bit in an instruction is really an extension of the opcode
Signed-off-by: Paolo Pisati <paolo.pisati@canonical.com>

attopu/README.md, after:

# ATTOPU - a 4 inst cpu from StackOverflow

Original post and src:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51592244/implementation-of-simple-microprocessor-using-verilog/51621153#51621153

ISA:

```
[15 OPCODE 14] | [13 SPECIFIC 1] [ 0 EXTOPCODE 0 ]
Opcode is always in the top two bits, the rest of the instruction depends on the
type, last bit is actually an opcode expansion

ADD: add rd, rs1, rs2 -- rd = rs1 + rs2; z = (rd == 0)
  [15 2'b00 14] | [13 rd 12] | [11 rs1 10] | [9 rs2 8] | [7 RESERVED 0]

LD: ld rd, ra -- rd = MEM[ra]
  [15 2'b01 14] | [13 rd 12] | [11 ra 10] | [9 RESERVED 1] | [0 1'b1 0]

    ld rd, $addr -- rd = MEM[$addr]
  [15 2'b01 14] | [13 rd 12] | [11 $addr 1] | [0 1'b0 0]

ST: st rs, ra -- MEM[ra] = rs
  [15 2'b10 14] | [13 RESERVED 12] | [11 ra 10] | [9 rs 8] | [7 RESERVED 1] | [0 1'b1 0]

    st rs, $addr -- MEM[$addr] = rs
  [15 2'b10 14] | [13 rs 12] | [11 $addr 1] | [0 1'b0 0]

BRZ: brz ra -- if (z): pc = ra
  [15 2'b11 14] | [13 RESERVED 12] | [11 ra 10] | [9 RESERVED 1] | [0 1'b1 0]

     brz $addr -- if (z): pc = pc + $addr
  [15 2'b11 14] | [13 RESERVED 12] | [11 $addr 1] | [0 1'b0 0]
```
